Biographical sketch for @RobertRyne

Dr. Robert D Ryne is a staff member at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory. He received his Ph.D. in Physics in 1987 at the University of Maryland. In the 1990s Dr. Ryne was a pioneer in the use of massively parallel computers for accelerator modeling. He led the development of the first version of IMPACT, a code that is now among the most widely used codes in the accelerator physics community. Later he proposed how split-operator methods could be used for multi-physics accelerator modeling, and he combined high-order optics effects with space-charge effects in the MaryLie/IMPACT code. He has had leadership positions in several US Department of Energy (DOE) programs. At Los Alamos he was the head of the Los Alamos Accelerator Code Group. He was co-leader of a DOE Grand Challenge in Computational Physics and a DOE Scientific Discovery through Advanced Computing project. He was the Level 1 manager for Design and Simulation in the US DOE Muon Accelerator Program (MAP). In addition to modeling space-charge effects, Dr. Ryne has significant experience in modeling radiative effects in high intensity electron beams. He is the developer of a massively parallel Lienard-Wiechert code, LW3D, to study 3D coherent synchrotron radiation effects and other radiative phenomena. He has been involved in the international Computational Accelerator Physics community for more than 30 years. He helped initiate the International Computational Accelerator Physics (ICAP) conference series and was Chairperson of ICAP 2009. He is the moderator of the acc-ph section of arxiv.org .

<!---
RobertRyne/RobertRyne is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
